c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\testProj.exe
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\testProj.pdb
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\obj\x86\Debug\testProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\obj\x86\Debug\testProj.exe
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\obj\x86\Debug\testProj.pdb
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\peppermint.xnb
c:\users\rellzy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\testProj\testProj\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\rock.xnb
